welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna dive deeper reviewing one of
the movies responsible for the nc-17
rating 1986 film Henry
portrait of a serial killer let's get to
it we opened on a deceased nude woman 26
supine suffering from abdominal wounds
to the anterior thorax we then
transitioned to Henry as he satiates his
voracious appetite and cruises up the
streets possibly with a Necronomicon in
the trunk over crossfades two prior
crimes overlaid with audio of the horrid
events demonstrating for us that Henry
likes to keep busy we watch him trawling
the mall stalking and moving on to
easier targets like this traveling
minstrel who's unselective about her
chauffeur transition from this to Becky
being picked up by her brother Otis he
had terribly
hey thanks dickweed on the ride home we
learned Becky is separating from her
abusive husband Leroy she intends to get
settled and sent for her daughter who's
staying with Grandma Otis has a charming
way of continuously bringing up Leroy
and disparaging her prospects we learned
that Henry is boarding with him paying
his way in gifts that he finds here and
there he offers Becky the spare room
he's been occupying making him the
kindest man she's ever met
which is sad Henry does work
sporadically as an exterminator with no
clients on the horizon his boss promises
to find him some work and lets him
borrow the equipment as a sign of good
faith Henry passes some bros football in
on the sidewalk and quickly puts his
sprayer to use cold calling his prior
target while her husband is away and
talking his way into her home on the
topic of jobs
Otis saunters around this gas station
like [ __ ] of the walk service and old
ladies setting up drug deals and snake
lickin young men after dinner Otis goes
to run an errand over cards Henry
recounts his troubled childhood daddy
lost his legs brother died unexpectedly
you know and we learned Becky has a
somewhat dark daddy history as well she
appreciates being able to confide in
someone who can't judge her and when she
asks the forbidden question did you
really kill your mama he gives her all
the McCobb details which goes a long way
to forming an instant kinship of sorts
the next day finds Becky exploring the
city becoming a cosmopolitan woman she
tells Otis she got a job as a shampoo
girl in a salon and when Henry gets home
she shows off her souvenir
otice attempts some brotherly love but
henry warns him off not wanting the men
to be cross becky suggests they have a
beer to mend their strained relationship
they do and I guess these ladies had
beer in their handbags or something the
situation escalates quickly when Henry
do what he do but onus has his back
although he's somewhat nonplussed about
the outcome and risk henry helps him see
this through the lens of an
us-versus-them ideology which is
malleable enough to allow for the
justification of murder under basically
any circumstances that evening they find
themselves in need of a TV due to
unavoidable circumstances they find the
shadiest Turk bag around and he helps
guide them through the buying process
you want cable ready you want to remote
control you want UHF
but he gets mouthy with them for not
spending enough money so Henry freshens
up his circuitry Henry he's not a robot
then they take what they want which
leads to nothing but good times and in
this situation we learned that Henry is
incapable of reciprocating Peggy's
affection the next day Otis has taken
advantage of in a drug deal he wants
retribution but this is where Henry
really starts grooming him pointing out
he's too connected to the client to kill
him
so they set bait and find a proxy victim
instead this guy obviously knows
mechanics and it costs him his life
but it helps Otis feel better so at
least he's got that going for him
they then picnic in the park while
casually making a hobo snuff film and
Henry espouses his philosophy of never
creating a kill pattern never using the
same method for murder and never staying
anywhere too long and they continue to
spree enjoying a post-mortem breakdown
of their greatest plays becky has a
conversation with her mom about delaying
her daughters arrival due to the
complication of juggling parenting with
being a working woman meanwhile the boys
are out [ __ ] around and making pervy
videos when Otis leans too far out of
the car window in his head hits a dog's
head breaking the camera they have an
argument about this even though they're
not out any money and it causes them to
split up
Henry arrives the house where Becky
confirms her intent to head home it's
cheaper there and Leroy is in jail for
murder with a million dollar bail so he
poses no threat she invites Henry to go
with her he invites her to dinner to
give him some time to consider her
proposal afterward they find Otis cashed
out and Becky takes advantage of this
Henry is again made uncomfortable but is
saved by Otis so he goes out for some
fresh air he does a little smoking and
stalking eventually returning home to
find Otis in the process of raping his
own sister Otis now learn it in two ways
of violence gets the upper hand until
Becky gouges his eye
this allows Henry to finish the job
slowly and intimately with extreme manly
penetration he calls Becky by screaming
in her face and then goes to take care
of the body which sounds juicy
they agree it's a pretty good time to go
ahead and leave town and Henry takes her
in the direction of his sister's horse
ranch in California where they'll enjoy
sunshine hay and dressage it almost
sounds too good to be true
they stay at a motel and in the morning
Henry leaves alone but no ambiguity here
he dumps her on the side of the road and
now he has the horses all to himself and
that was Henry portrait of a serial
killer a gritty and brutal peek into a
depraved mind but will lighten things up
next week I promise if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you become a part of
the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching